<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Landing zone network security group submodule

## Overview

Creates multiple network security groups in the supplied subscription.
Optionally:

- Creates security rules within the network security groups.

## Notes

See [README.md](https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-lz-vending#readme) in the parent module for more information.

## Example

See documentation for optional parameters.

```terraform
module "networksecuritygroup" {
  source = "./"

  subscription_id     = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  resource_group_name = "test-rg"
  name                = "test-nsg1"
  location            = var.location

  security_rules = {
    "rule01" = {
      name                       = "test-r1"
      access                     = "Deny"
      destination_address_prefix = "*"
      destination_port_range     = "80-88"
      direction                  = "Outbound"
      priority                   = 100
      protocol                   = "Tcp"
      source_address_prefix      = "*"
      source_port_range          = "*"
    }
    "rule02" = {
      name                       = "test-r2"
      access                     = "Allow"
      destination_address_prefix = "*"
      destination_port_ranges    = ["80", "443"]
      direction                  = "Inbound"
      priority                   = 200
      protocol                   = "Tcp"
      source_address_prefix      = "*"
      source_port_range          = "*"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.network_security_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) Specifies the name of the network security group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The ID of the parent resource to which this user-assigned managed identity.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_security_rules"></a> [security\_rules](#input\_security\_rules)

Description: These are the security rule configuration properties.
- `access` - (Required) Specifies whether network traffic is allowed or denied. Possible values are `Allow` and `Deny`.
- `description` - (Optional) A description for this rule. Restricted to 140 characters.
- `destination_address_prefix` - (Optional) CIDR or destination IP range or * to match any IP. Tags such as `VirtualNetwork`, `AzureLoadBalancer` and `Internet` can also be used. Besides, it also supports all available Service Tags like ‘Sql.WestEurope‘, ‘Storage.EastUS‘, etc.
- `destination_address_prefixes` - (Optional) List of destination address prefixes. Tags may not be used. This is required if `destination_address_prefix` is not specified.
- `destination_application_security_group_ids` - (Optional) A List of destination Application Security Group IDs
- `destination_port_range` - (Optional) Destination Port or Range. Integer or range between `0` and `65535` or `*` to match any. This is required if `destination_port_ranges` is not specified.
- `destination_port_ranges` - (Optional) List of destination ports or port ranges. This is required if `destination_port_range` is not specified.
- `direction` - (Required) The direction specifies if rule will be evaluated on incoming or outgoing traffic. Possible values are `Inbound` and `Outbound`.
- `name` - (Required) The name of the security rule. This needs to be unique across all Rules in the Network Security Group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `priority` - (Required) Specifies the priority of the rule. The value can be between 100 and 4096. The priority number must be unique for each rule in the collection. The lower the priority number, the higher the priority of the rule.
- `protocol` - (Required) Network protocol this rule applies to. Possible values include `Tcp`, `Udp`, `Icmp`, `Esp`, `Ah` or `*` (which matches all).
- `source_address_prefix` - (Optional) CIDR or source IP range or * to match any IP. Tags such as `VirtualNetwork`, `AzureLoadBalancer` and `Internet` can also be used. This is required if `source_address_prefixes` is not specified.
- `source_address_prefixes` - (Optional) List of source address prefixes. Tags may not be used. This is required if `source_address_prefix` is not specified.
- `source_application_security_group_ids` - (Optional) A List of source Application Security Group IDs
- `source_port_range` - (Optional) Source Port or Range. Integer or range between `0` and `65535` or `*` to match any. This is required if `source_port_ranges` is not specified.
- `source_port_ranges` - (Optional) List of source ports or port ranges. This is required if `source_port_range` is not specified.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    access                                     = string
    description                                = optional(string)
    destination_address_prefix                 = optional(string)
    destination_address_prefixes               = optional(set(string))
    destination_application_security_group_ids = optional(set(string))
    destination_port_range                     = optional(string)
    destination_port_ranges                    = optional(set(string))
    direction                                  = string
    name                                       = string
    priority                                   = number
    protocol                                   = string
    source_address_prefix                      = optional(string)
    source_address_prefixes                    = optional(set(string))
    source_application_security_group_ids      = optional(set(string))
    source_port_range                          = optional(string)
    source_port_ranges                         = optional(set(string))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_network_security_group_resource_id"></a> [network\_security\_group\_resource\_id](#output\_network\_security\_group\_resource\_id)

Description: The created network security group resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->