<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Landing zone resource group submodule

## Overview

Creates the supplied resource group in the specified location and subscription.

Useful in a subscription vending scenario to pre-create the `NetworkWatcherRG` so we may delete it prior to subscription cancellation. Also useful for pre-creating resource groups for the purposes of RBAC delegation.

## Notes

See [README.md](https://github.com/Azure/terraform-azurerm-lz-vending#readme) in the parent module for more information.

## Example

See documentation for optional parameters.

```terraform
module "resourcegroups" {
  source  = "Azure/lz-vending/azurerm/modules/resourcegroups"
  version = "<version>" # change this to your desired version, https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/version-constraints

  subscription_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  location        = "eastus"
  name            = "rg-test"
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.10)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.rg_lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The Azure region to deploy resources into. E.g. `eastus`

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the resource group E.g. `rg-test`

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id)

Description: The ID of the subscription to deploy resources into. E.g. `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_lock_enabled"></a> [lock\_enabled](#input\_lock\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable resource group lock for the resource group

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_lock_name"></a> [lock\_name](#input\_lock\_name)

Description: The name of the resource group lock for the resource group, if `null` will be set to `lock-<resource_group_name>`

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Map of tags to be applied to the resource group

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#output\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The created resource group name.

### <a name="output_resource_group_resource_id"></a> [resource\_group\_resource\_id](#output\_resource\_group\_resource\_id)

Description: The created resource group resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->